so the it also an obvious algorithm
eating is a shuffle ugly versus man the
Sun and Moon are perfect reckoning if
you look at the Sun and the moon the you
know moved about turning fifty thousand
miles away from us the Sun is 93 million
miles away from us when they line up in
a cryptic note the son of the moon fit
perfectly together despite the fact that
that's millions of miles away and the
Sun is millions of times bigger than the
moon but when they come together it's a
perfect fit
why do you know that scientists say is
an enigma of nature they say it's a it's
an incredible coincidence that's what
they say we would agree for it look
please no I know but it's stupid I mean
I just you know just admit of us you
know he's letting you know he said look
what I can do think about this look what
I can do Marvel Adam say subhanAllah
don't say what an amazing coincidence
right so this is this is athis I mean I
think that it's a sign from the signs of
God in London be a higher version ah ha
ha what empanada at Attica that's it in
butter be a shower
una de chambre if if he if I'm in the
piñon of my servant if he thinks good of
me he finds good
that's why 80 is when they all they
think about they think about that
they're obsessed with God and what they
always say about God how could God God
how can God create a world like this
what you didn't have a mother the to
care of you even suckle at the breast
you can get those nutrients you're not
being kept at 98.6 degrees in your body
not having fever
you didn't you missed a meal today are
you starving and he's drinking you know
his his champagne his treat cheese and
crackers
you know the I said she's called that
they like the French leave three three
thank you Juna but he's cheating his
wine and dream and said how did anybody
would even golf you know I
he's pertaining on the blessings of God
and he's denying God that it's an
amazing thing and then he's complaining
about God not because of his state but
because of somebody over in Africa who
is in the worst day and he said yell
mama here leo how many make this a pure
retention for me
anyone for money
well funny money me not to be one inai
Johnny don't say become anyone about
ain't one funny funny me no would be ye